*Welcome to the LOIC wiki!*

---
*Latest News*
06 Oct 2010 - Version 1.1.1.8 released (stable)
05 Oct 2010 - Version 1.1.1.7 released (unstable)
05 Oct 2010 - Version 1.1.1.6 released (unstable)
04 Oct 2010 - Version 1.1.1.5 released (stable)

---
*Downloads*
* Source: [[http://github.com/NewEraCracker/LOIC/]]
* Binaries: [[http://github.com/NewEraCracker/LOIC/downloads]]
* License: Public Domain

---
*System requirements*
* Internet connection for 'testing' sites outside LAN
* Windows XP or higher
* Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 Service Pack 1:
[[http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?FamilyID=d0e5dea7-ac26-4ad7-b68c-fe5076bba986&displaylang=en]]
* Running on non Windows OS is also possible, read FAQ below.

---
*Reporting bugs*
Use this page to report any issues:
[[http://github.com/NewEraCracker/LOIC/issues]]

---
*FAQ*

Q: How to run on Linux?
A:
* To run it natively, you'll need mono: [[http://www.go-mono.com/mono-downloads/download.html]], and compile the source [[http://github.com/NewEraCracker/LOIC/downloads]].
* The official windows executable (at least 1.1.1.8) also works in wine [[http://www.winehq.org/download/]] with .NET 2.0 installed [[http://appdb.winehq.org/objectManager.php?sClass=version&iId=3754]]. In case you got issues you should try binaries inside debug folder before attempting any other steps to sort issue.

Q: How to run on Ubuntu from source?
A:
# download latest source [[http://github.com/NewEraCracker/LOIC/downloads]]
# install some tools: "sudo apt-get monodevelop liblog4net-cil-dev"
# in source directory: "mdtool build"
# run: "./bin/Debug/LOIC.exe"
# Note 1: ATTENTION to run with arguments, little difference from m$ version.
 “./bin/Debug/LOIC.exe /hivemind irc.server.address 1234 \#secret”. You must add “\” in front of “#”, or linux will think its a comment and it will ignore the rest of the line beyond it.
# Note 2: If you can't find the liblog4net package, try to build it anyways. i.e. archlinux works without it.

---
*Linux Packages [MADE BY pirate486743186 - UNOFFICIAL]*
* for mono: [[http://www.mediafire.com/file/3n9xnbcop5o33bm/loic_1.1.1.8_all.deb]]
* statically linked(64bit): [[http://www.mediafire.com/file/ac7akmi6cd55705/loic_1.1.1.8_amd64.deb]]
* the same per above but as rpm packages:
[[http://www.mediafire.com/file/c4fy4p3phweuspm/loic-1.1.1.8-2.noarch.rpm]]
[[http://www.mediafire.com/file/v387ek46o76amm8/loic-1.1.1.8-2.x86_64.rpm]]

---
*Disclaimer*
I, NewEraCracker, am not responsible for the use that you give to this tool. You cannot blame me if you use this tool to attack servers you don't own and get caught. *This tool is released for educational purposes only and comes with no warranty at all.*